hey party people let's improve our front
aerials with these drills here's some
things you can do to improve and make
your front aerial
maybe a little stronger if you're
learning it maybe just to you know get
the flow with the motion so here's the
first thing if you have a kick do them
into the pit if you have one of these
black pit beds go ahead and do it into
here first
but keep your ankle tight on the landing
so that you don't twist it to break it
that would be fun okay so measure it out
your shot say what you want to take off
and then you're going to go and then
once you get it there you can start
building up the max so what I like to do
actually put the mat so it's higher then
the pit level
and then you know that if you can make
it up there onto something then you have
a better opportunity to make it on the
real floor or grass or whatever you're
doing it on okay so that's your first
drill second drill follow me okay
another thing you can do put your good
leg four arms up nice big step as your
arms lift you're going to hop up onto
the mat hey
and then this will get that leg stronger
you know so here big step drive your
back leg up okay remember the secret is
to get this back leg up as you can push
off right now you can also do it if you
like this way going into it that's
totally clean turtle and circle your
arms forward and back that works so I
prefer this way going from up by my ears
and then I reach a lever they go down
with my sides and then they flipped up
to the back
whatever floats your coat right never
good one is candlestick punch by the
carrots
that is jump okay you can do that on
both legs look what's really going to
get your leg strong gotta strengthen up
this leg these jumps are great
any kind of squat jump something that's
gonna make your legs stronger just jump
yourself away you know jump to the
kitchen
jump wherever you're going just start
doing this once and then the final tip
then you can do is line up to these
folding hands put your down arms down
nice shot snake big step for drive your
back leg okay and slight weight because
that that's your warm-up for the front
aerial off the edge because then we have
a little a lift and then we get some
elevated love from the mat then for
higher ups so it's easier to complete
and get a spot if you want then when
you're comfortable with the spot hey
let's go for it
so there you go remember to really feel
comfortable
before you go on the regular floor
because we want to be safe okay everyone
I hope that those tips helped a little
bit remember to really use those arms
practice from your knee also you can
start here drive that back leg
do it do it oh hey everyone you did a
fantastic job all up in the world and
I'll do a standing back tuck for you
into the workout trick here you go okay
check out my other tutorials and lessons
if you want I'll see you around everyone
okay